N8UR-TimeNutsTools

	use N8UR::TimeNutsTools;
    
    # return fractional difference (e.g., -6.23e-12) of $actual
    # vs. $reference frequencies.  $scale is "MHz", "kHz",
    # or "Hz" (not case sensitive, but must be quoted) and
    # defines the unit of the integer portion the inputs.
    # (Both $reference and $actual must use the same scale.)

    $float = make_frac_freq($reference,$actual,$scale);
    
    # same as above, but convert to nicely formatted string

    $string = make_frac_freq_string($reference,$actual,"MHz");
    
    # output formatted string of float $freq.
    # $places is number of digits to the right of the
    # decimal point.  $scale is "MHz", "kHz", or "Hz"
	# (not case sensitive, but must be quoted) and
    # defines the unit of the integer portion the input.

	$string = make_pretty_freq_string($freq, $places, "MHz");

    # mainly used internally for pretty printing.  returns 
    # value to use in sprintf for the number of characters to 
    # the left of the decimal point, including leading spaces.

    $int = scale_freq($input);

    # prints formatted log data.  $tagtype is "mjd" or "iso",
    # for the timestamp format.  $tagprecision is the number of
    # decimal places for MJD.  $precision is number of decimal
    # for formatted data.  $value1 through $value4 are data values
    # in numeric form.i
    # [ TODO: allow arbitrary number of data fields. ]

    logline($tagtype, $tagprecision, $precision, \
        $value1, $value2, $value3, $value4)

    # as above, but prints one or two text fields with timestamps
    # [ TODO: allow arbitrary number of data fields. ]

    logline_text($tagtype, $tagprecision, $value1, $value2);


INSTALLATION

To install this module, run the following commands:

	perl Makefile.PL
	make
	make test
	make install

SUPPORT AND DOCUMENTATION

After installing, you can find documentation for this module with the
perldoc command.

    perldoc N8UR::TimeNutsTools

You can also look for information at:

    RT, CPAN's request tracker (report bugs here)
        http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/Bugs.html?Dist=N8UR-TimeNutsTools

    AnnoCPAN, Annotated CPAN documentation
        http://annocpan.org/dist/N8UR-TimeNutsTools

    CPAN Ratings
        http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/N8UR-TimeNutsTools

    Search CPAN
        http://search.cpan.org/dist/N8UR-TimeNutsTools/


LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2019 John Ackermann

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the the Artistic License (2.0). You may obtain a
copy of the full license at:

L<http://www.perlfoundation.org/artistic_license_2_0>

Any use, modification, and distribution of the Standard or Modified
Versions is governed by this Artistic License. By using, modifying or
distributing the Package, you accept this license. Do not use, modify,
or distribute the Package, if you do not accept this license.

If your Modified Version has been derived from a Modified Version made
by someone other than you, you are nevertheless required to ensure that
your Modified Version complies with the requirements of this license.

This license does not grant you the right to use any trademark, service
mark, tradename, or logo of the Copyright Holder.

This license includes the non-exclusive, worldwide, free-of-charge
patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import and
otherwise transfer the Package with respect to any patent claims
licensable by the Copyright Holder that are necessarily infringed by the
Package. If you institute patent litigation (including a cross-claim or
counterclaim) against any party alleging that the Package constitutes
direct or contributory patent infringement, then this Artistic License
to you shall terminate on the date that such litigation is filed.

Disclaimer of Warranty: THE PACKAGE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER
AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES.
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT ARE DISCLAIMED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY
YOUR LOCAL LAW. UNLESS REQUIRED BY LAW, NO COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR
CONTRIBUTOR WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THE PACKAGE,
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

